README.md, before:

# ACS Tutorials
This repo is dedicated to doing some ACS tutorials.

# Overview of RH ACS

There are several independant tutorials in this repo

## Table of Contents

Tutorial listing

1. [Policy Tutorials](#policy-tutorials)  


---

## Prerequisites

- ACS
- roxctl

---


## Summary

Below is a breakout of various tutorials or items that detail some aspect of ACS.  Refer to those tables for those materials


---

# Policy Tutorials

High level examples of various types of brokers with different auth and settings are located in the "PolicyTutorials" folder.

| Name               | Description                    | Status           |
|--------------------|--------------------------------|------------------|
| general-policy     | General overview of app with vulernability    | In Progress          |
| app-baseline       | Anomolous Activity Policy Detection      | In Progress          |
| exploring-api      | How can we call the api and some interesting items      | In Progress          |
| policy-as-code      | How can we manage our policies in a repo as policy as code     | In Progress          |
| howto-reporting      | How do we create reports | In Progress          |


# reference documents
https://docs.openshift.com/acs/4.6/welcome/

https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/using-adminnetworkpolicy-api-to-secure-openshift-cluster-networking

Commit message:

adding manage settings to readme.md

README.md, after:

# ACS Tutorials
This repo is dedicated to doing some ACS tutorials.

# Overview of RH ACS

There are several independant tutorials in this repo

## Table of Contents

Tutorial listing

1. [Policy Tutorials](#policy-tutorials)  


---

## Prerequisites

- ACS
- roxctl

---


## Summary

Below is a breakout of various tutorials or items that detail some aspect of ACS.  Refer to those tables for those materials


---

# Policy Tutorials

High level examples of various types of brokers with different auth and settings are located in the "PolicyTutorials" folder.

| Name               | Description                    | Status           |
|--------------------|--------------------------------|------------------|
| general-policy     | General overview of app with vulernability    | In Progress          |
| app-baseline       | Anomolous Activity Policy Detection      | In Progress          |
| exploring-api      | How can we call the api and some interesting items      | In Progress          |
| policy-as-code      | How can we manage our policies in a repo as policy as code     | In Progress          |
| howto-reporting      | How do we create reports | In Progress          |
| howto change settings | How do we manage cluster settings outside of ACS | In Progress          |


# reference documents
https://docs.openshift.com/acs/4.6/welcome/

https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/using-adminnetworkpolicy-api-to-secure-openshift-cluster-networking
